content/home/home.md, before:

+++
title = "Home"
type = "home"
draft = false
+++

{{< showcase-section
  title="Welcome to my world!"
  subtitle="An Engineer with dreams to disrupt the tech."
  description="Backend and platform engineer focused on building reliable, scalable systems and great developer experience. I care about pragmatic architecture, clean interfaces, and teams that ship with confidence. I share learnings through mentoring, consulting, and writing."
  imgSrc="images/showcase/showcase.png"
  imgScale="0.8"
>}}

{{< platform-links >}}
  {{< link icon="linkedin" url="https://www.linkedin.com/in/misra-aditya/" >}}
  {{< link icon="square-github" url="https://github.com/AdityaMisra" >}}
  {{< link icon="medium" url="https://medium.com/@aditya_misra5" >}}
  {{< link icon="x-twitter" url="https://twitter.com/realadityamisra" >}}
  {{< link icon="instagram" url="https://www.instagram.com/aditya.misra/" >}}
  {{< link icon="email" url="mailto:amisra14@yahoo.co.uk" >}}
{{< /platform-links >}}

{{< /showcase-section >}}

{{< about-section
  sectionId="about"
  title="About"
  content="I'm passionate about building products that works at scale and I believe in learning everyday. I am a mountain person. I love dogs. I like dark themes. Programming is an art for me. I have grown fond of pair programming. I like swimming more than running. I like winter."
  imgSrc="images/about/aditya_profile.png"
  imgScale="0.8"
  text_align="left"
>}}

{{< text-section sectionId="now" title="What I'm Working On" >}}
I share updates and ideas on building scalable systems, developer experience, and career growth.
The latest work shows up on my Medium and GitHub profiles.

<div class="d-flex flex-wrap gap-2 mt-3">
  <a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://medium.com/@aditya_misra5" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Read on Medium</a>
  <a class="btn btn-frameless" href="https://github.com/AdityaMisra" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Explore GitHub</a>
</div>
{{< /text-section >}}

{{< experience-list sectionId="experience" title="Experience" padding="true" >}}

{{< text-section sectionId="mentoring" title="Mentoring & Consulting" >}}
If you’re looking for guidance on backend/platform engineering, scaling products, or career growth,
let’s connect and see if we’re a fit.

<div class="d-flex flex-wrap gap-2 mt-3">
  <a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://calendly.com/adiitya14" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Request a session</a>
</div>
{{< /text-section >}}

{{< text-section sectionId="writing" title="Writing" >}}
I publish long-form notes and learnings on Medium. Follow along for updates on engineering, systems, and growth.

<div class="mt-3">
  <a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://medium.com/@aditya_misra5" target="_blank" rel="noopener">View all articles</a>
</div>
{{< /text-section >}}

{{< education-list title="Education" >}}

{{< text-section sectionId="skills" title="Skills" >}}
**Programming Languages**
- Python
- Java
- Go Lang
- JavaScript

**Frameworks**
- Django
- Flask
- Spring Boot

**Storage**
- MySQL
- PostgreSQL
- Elasticsearch
- MongoDB
- Memcached

**Platform/Tools**
- Docker
- Amazon Web Services
- Rabbit MQ
{{< /text-section >}}

{{< text-section sectionId="interests" title="Interests" >}}
Apart from being an engineer, I love travelling. I am an avid reader and also explore podcasts and audiobooks to gain insights on different perspectives of the world. Currently, I'm reading about human behaviour & societies, and how they have evolved overtime.

I am also a fan of sci-fi and comedy genre movies and television shows. A large amount of my free time goes into learning technology advancements in the web development world to satiate my curiosity.
{{< /text-section >}}

Commit message:

Enhance CSS styles for platform links and experience sections. Update job titles and locations in experience markdown files, and improve descriptions for clarity and impact. Revise home page content for better engagement and personal branding.

content/home/home.md, after:

+++
title = "Home"
type = "home"
draft = false
+++

{{< showcase-section
  title="Engineer. Builder. Lifelong Learner."
  subtitle="Building technology that scales and makes an impact."
  description="I build scalable backend systems and platforms that teams can trust. Passionate about clean design, developer experience, and continuous learning, I share insights through mentoring, consulting, and writing."
  imgSrc="images/showcase/showcase.png"
  imgScale="0.8"
>}}

{{< platform-links >}}
  {{< link icon="linkedin" url="https://www.linkedin.com/in/misra-aditya/" >}}
  {{< link icon="square-github" url="https://github.com/AdityaMisra" >}}
  {{< link icon="medium" url="https://medium.com/@aditya_misra5" >}}
  {{< link icon="x-twitter" url="https://twitter.com/realadityamisra" >}}
  {{< link icon="instagram" url="https://www.instagram.com/aditya.misra/" >}}
  {{< link icon="email" url="mailto:amisra14@yahoo.co.uk" >}}
{{< /platform-links >}}

{{< /showcase-section >}}

{{< about-section
  sectionId="about"
  title="About"
  content="Engineer by profession, mountain person by soul, Londoner by postcode. I enjoy building systems that scale, learning something new daily, and convincing people dark mode is objectively superior. Dogs are great, winters are better, and pair programming proves that suffering through bugs is more fun together. Swimming is my cardio of choice, running and I have agreed to stay acquaintances."
  imgSrc="images/about/aditya_profile.png"
  imgScale="0.8"
  text_align="left"
>}}

{{< text-section sectionId="now" title="What I'm Working On" >}}
I share updates and ideas on building scalable systems, developer experience, and career growth.
The latest work shows up on my Medium and GitHub profiles.

<div class="d-flex flex-wrap gap-2 mt-3">
  <a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://medium.com/@aditya_misra5" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Read on Medium</a>
  <a class="btn btn-frameless" href="https://github.com/AdityaMisra" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Explore GitHub</a>
</div>
{{< /text-section >}}

{{< experience-list sectionId="experience" title="Experience" padding="true" >}}

{{< text-section sectionId="mentoring" title="Mentoring & Consulting" >}}
If you’re looking for guidance on backend/platform engineering, scaling products, or career growth,
let’s connect and see if we’re a fit.

<div class="d-flex flex-wrap gap-2 mt-3">
  <a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://calendly.com/adiitya14" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Request a session</a>
</div>
{{< /text-section >}}

{{< text-section sectionId="writing" title="Writing" >}}
I publish long-form notes and learnings on Medium. Follow along for updates on engineering, systems, and growth.

<div class="mt-3">
  <a class="btn btn-primary" href="https://medium.com/@aditya_misra5" target="_blank" rel="noopener">View all articles</a>
</div>
{{< /text-section >}}

{{< education-list title="Education" >}}

{{< text-section sectionId="skills" title="Skills" >}}
**Programming Languages**
- Python
- Java
- Go Lang
- JavaScript

**Frameworks**
- Django
- Flask
- Spring Boot

**Storage**
- MySQL
- PostgreSQL
- Elasticsearch
- MongoDB
- Memcached

**Platform/Tools**
- Docker
- Amazon Web Services
- Rabbit MQ
{{< /text-section >}}

{{< text-section sectionId="interests" title="Interests" >}}
When I’m not engineering software, I’m usually planning my next trip or getting lost in a good book, podcast, or audiobook. Lately, I’ve been fascinated by human behaviour, societies, and how we’ve evolved over time.

I’m also a big fan of sci-fi and comedy films and series, a good mix of futuristic imagination and light-hearted humor. A fair bit of my free time goes into keeping up with new developments in technology and web engineering, mostly driven by curiosity rather than necessity.
{{< /text-section >}}
